---
layout: post
title: "motivation"
author: "Hannah Oh"
categories: blog
tags: blog
image: jehovah-rapha.jpg
---

I’m struggling, it’s nothing new. I’m okay, because what else can I be? I’ve
always struggled like this, so it’s the norm now. I’ve gotten used to
suffering, and I’ve gotten used to not being okay. I would say I’m not doing
too bad — I’m alive, aren’t I?

Two weeks ago, I was at one of my best times. Yes, I would spiral but I could
cut my spiral off before it got too bad. I was able to hold on to the power
of the Holy Spirit in me and speak truth into myself. I was able to use the
name of Jesus to rebuke the devil for trying to attack me. Not only did I
rely on Jesus, I used to power that He had provided me to overcome the lies
of the devil. I was saturated with the Holy Spirit and it was easier for me
to have confidence in the power of the Holy Spirit and the name of Jesus. Of
course, it wasn’t perfect. I had ‘confidence’, but I’m sure compared to other
naturally-confident people it was nothing. But I could open my mouth and defy
the devil. That was enough for me, and that was enough for the devil to get
the message and back off for a while. I dislike rating things, and I’m often
unable to do so without a clear scale and marker for what is each level, but
I would say that this period of time was near the top of my scale from 1-10.
I was doing well.

Right now, I’m not doing so well. I’m spiraling frequently and I don’t know
how to stop it. I end up falling as far as the devil can lead me before I
break, and only come back up once it seems like I can’t go downhill anymore.
It’s not the worst it’s been. Friday, Jan. 10th had been an extremely bad
spiral, one of the worst. It had brought me to the edge and I was so
desperate to jump off, only held back by my brothers- and sisters-in-Christ
that refused to leave me alone until I was safe asleep and unable to do
anything harmful to myself. It’s not that bad right now. It can be better
than this, but more than that, it can definitely be worse. So I’m grateful
that I’m not doing that bad right now. On other people’s scales, I would
probably be in a pretty bad place right now, but for me, I’m used to it. I
mostly don’t mind. I guess right now, I’m around the middle of my scale from 
-10. Hm… maybe a little bit lower than the middle, because of the nightmares
that plague my sleep.

Nowadays, I’ve been waking up terrified in the middle of the night because of
memories that overwhelm me in my dreams. I’m hyperventilating when I wake up
and it takes a while to calm down. When I do, I’m so tired that I end up
falling asleep again, but it’s restless and I end up waking up a couple more
times in the same manner before it’s too late to go back to sleep.

Anyways, I’m not doing well, but I guess it’s okay. This mindset has been a
problem though. Because I keep thinking that I’m okay (I believe it), I lose
my motivation to heal. I think to myself and question: *why do I need to heal?
what’s the point? why did I want to heal so desperately?* It was through
talking with a sister-in-Christ that I came to a realization. I’ve been
living life within the scale from 1-10, with 10 being the best that I’ve been.
However, I felt and saw beyond that last August. I saw how I could live,
filled by the peace of God that surpasses all understanding and the joy that
is inexpressible.

It was the better than the top of my scale to 10, it was at the top of a
scale from 1-100. I was doing better than I had ever imagined, and **that‘s**
why I wanted to be healed. I didn’t want to live confined to the scale from 1
10 when I had experienced 100. I wanted to live a life that was constantly
hitting the upper bounds of 100, filled with the Holy Spirit and by the peace
of God that surpasses all understanding. Having experienced this, I wanted to
heal and get rid of the trauma that shackled me to the single-digits and
deluded me into thinking that 10 was good.

I had forgotten what it felt like to be filled with the joy and peace that is
from God, and that’s why I had lost the will to heal. I’m writing this down
because I will forget this again. I know with my dumb brain, I’m going to
cycle back to this place, not knowing the reason for why I was striving so
hard to heal. However, I’ll look back onto this and remind myself: there *is*
a reason why I was so desperate to heal. I’m not that desperate right now,
but I know there is a reason and I won’t give up on healing.

There was another thing that I was reminded of. When I had first told pb
about my trauma and we had a prayer session, he had asked me what I wanted to
get out of being healed. He asked me what ‘being healed’ meant to me,
personally. I had never thought about it before, but after a bit of thinking,
I replied that I wanted God to be able to use my full, raw testimony. I
wanted what I had gone through to be used by God to make an impact on someone
else’s life. I don’t know why I answered that, and I don’t know why it
mattered so much to me that I would be able to tell my testimony to other
people, but it did.

At Bible study last night, there were only four of us. It was by truly God’s
planning that this particular group ended up here, and God spoke. We all
shared how we had been doing, and God chose to speak to me through JL. She
talked about how I was going through things with the Holy Spirit in me, and
that there was probably someone out there who was going through the exact
same things, except without the Holy Spirit. With this first part, I was
deeply grateful that God was there to guide me through my suffering. Even
though I asked *God where are you?* and *God are you even here?*, I knew that
He was always with me and knew exactly what I was going through. She
continued to talk about how God could use my experiences to speak to another
person that had gone through similar things. It spoke so much to what I had
set as my goal, except in a way where it hit me yet again. It wasn’t *I want
my testimony to be used* but *I want to help other people with my testimony*.
Very small nuances, but it made a difference to me.

God has really been speaking to me, and I thank you LORD for revealing to me
more and more of what you see.

` `  
` `  

---

` `  
##### For you did not receive the spirit of slavery to fall back into fear, but you have received the Spirit of adoption as sons, by whom we cry, “Abba, Father!”
##### -- Romans 8:15
